README.md, before:

# NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ChangeStats::Dependencies::Git - Add dependency changes to the changelog

![Requires Perl 5.10+](https://img.shields.io/badge/perl-5.10+-brightgreen.svg) [![Travis status](https://api.travis-ci.org/Csson/p5-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ChangeStats-Dependencies-Git.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Csson/p5-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ChangeStats-Dependencies-Git) ![coverage 89.5%](https://img.shields.io/badge/coverage-89.5%-orange.svg)

# VERSION

Version 0.0100, released 2016-02-13.

# SYNOPSIS

    ; in dist.ini
    [ChangeStats::Dependencies::Git]
    group = Dependency Changes

# DESCRIPTION

This plugin adds detailed information about changes in requirements to the changelog, possibly in a group. The
synopsis might add this:

     [Dependency Changes]
     - (run req) + Moose (any)
     - (run req) - No::Longer::Used
     - (test sug) + Something::Useful 0.82
     - (dev req) ~ List::Util 1.40 --> 1.42

For this to work the following must be true:

- The changelog must conform to [CPAN::Changes::Spec](https://metacpan.org/pod/CPAN::Changes::Spec).
- There must be a [`panfile`](https://metacpan.org/pod/panfile) (this is the source of current dependencies) in the distribution root.
- Git tag names must be identical to (or a superset of) the version numbers in the changelog.
- There must be a `META.json` commited in the git tags.
- The plugin should come before \[NextRelease\] or similar in dist.ini.

# ATTRIBUTES

## change\_file

Default: `Changes`

The name of the changelog file.

## group

Default: No group

The group (if any) under which to add the dependency changes. If the group already exists these changes will be appended to that group.

## format\_tag

Default: `%s`

Use this if the Git tags are formatted differently to the versions in the changelog. `%s` gets replaced with the version.

# SEE ALSO

- [Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ChangeStats::Git](https://metacpan.org/pod/Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ChangeStats::Git)

# SOURCE

[https://github.com/Csson/p5-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ChangeStats-Dependencies-Git](https://github.com/Csson/p5-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ChangeStats-Dependencies-Git)

# HOMEPAGE

[https://metacpan.org/release/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ChangeStats-Dependencies-Git](https://metacpan.org/release/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ChangeStats-Dependencies-Git)

# AUTHOR

Erik Carlsson <info@code301.com>

# COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2016 by Erik Carlsson.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.

Commit message:

Add 'branch' attribute, only use META.json as a prereq source, compare the checked in branch with the tag

README.md, after:

# NAME

Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ChangeStats::Dependencies::Git - Add dependency changes to the changelog

![Requires Perl 5.10+](https://img.shields.io/badge/perl-5.10+-brightgreen.svg) [![Travis status](https://api.travis-ci.org/Csson/p5-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ChangeStats-Dependencies-Git.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/Csson/p5-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ChangeStats-Dependencies-Git) ![coverage 83.6%](https://img.shields.io/badge/coverage-83.6%-orange.svg)

# VERSION

Version 0.0100, released 2016-02-14.

# SYNOPSIS

    ; in dist.ini
    [ChangeStats::Dependencies::Git]
    group = Dependency Changes

# DESCRIPTION

This plugin adds detailed information about changes in requirements to the changelog, possibly in a group. The
synopsis might add this:

     [Dependency Changes]
     - (run req) + Moose (any)
     - (run req) - No::Longer::Used
     - (test sug) + Something::Useful 0.82
     - (dev req) ~ List::Util 1.40 --> 1.42

For this to work the following must be true:

- The changelog must conform to [CPAN::Changes::Spec](https://metacpan.org/pod/CPAN::Changes::Spec).
- There must be a `META.json` in both the `branch` and in the tags.
- Git tag names must be identical to (or a superset of) the version numbers in the changelog.
- The plugin should come before \[NextRelease\] or similar in dist.ini.

# ATTRIBUTES

## branch

Default: `master`

The development branch.

## change\_file

Default: `Changes`

The name of the changelog file.

## group

Default: No group

The group (if any) under which to add the dependency changes. If the group already exists these changes will be appended to that group.

## format\_tag

Default: `%s`

Use this if the Git tags are formatted differently to the versions in the changelog. `%s` gets replaced with the version.

# SEE ALSO

- [Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ChangeStats::Git](https://metacpan.org/pod/Dist::Zilla::Plugin::ChangeStats::Git)

# SOURCE

[https://github.com/Csson/p5-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ChangeStats-Dependencies-Git](https://github.com/Csson/p5-Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ChangeStats-Dependencies-Git)

# HOMEPAGE

[https://metacpan.org/release/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ChangeStats-Dependencies-Git](https://metacpan.org/release/Dist-Zilla-Plugin-ChangeStats-Dependencies-Git)

# AUTHOR

Erik Carlsson <info@code301.com>

# COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This software is copyright (c) 2016 by Erik Carlsson.

This is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms as the Perl 5 programming language system itself.
